[SHIP'S ENGINE RUMBLING]
[HULL CREAKING]
ZERO: How's the wound, B?
BRANDON: I gotta get off my feet.
[IN SPANISH] Welcome aboard.
We're happy to be going back.
By chance, do you have any snacks?
Ah.
Seriously... Do you have First Aid?
He has a bad wound.
How about a place to rest?
[GROANS SOFTLY]
[CHUCKLES]
[IN ENGLISH] No? Okay.
[IN SPANISH] Hello.
[WIND HOWLING]
[OMINOUS MUSIC PLAYING]
[IN ENGLISH] Uh, Zero. We--
[GUNS COCKING]
G.R.I.T. terrorists.
[TENSE MUSIC PLAYING]
[GRUNTS]
[ALL GRUNTING]
[GUNSHOTS]
[GROANS]
MAN: [OVER RADIO] Enroute.
Do you copy?
[BOAT ENGINES APPROACHING]
[IN ENGLISH] Oh, that can't be good.
If you don't copy... Go with God!
[STRAINING]
Who the hell is coming?
Death.
Courtesy of Roman Díaz.
[MAN 2 YELLING IN SPANISH]
[GRUNTS, GROANS SOFTLY]
[IN ENGLISH] Shit!
I can't see a damn thing.
[GUNSHOTS]
[GRUNTS]
[PANTING]
[GROANS]
[GUN COCKS]
[GROANING IN PAIN]
[BULLETS RICOCHETING]
[SIGHS, BREATHING PAINFULLY]
[BREATHING DEEPLY]
[HEART THUMPING]
[CHAINS RATTLING]
[WATER GURGLING]
[EXHALES DEEPLY]
[GUN FIRES]
[GUN COCKS]
[GUNSHOTS]
[BRANDON GROANS]
That's a lot of blood, B.
Can we get a break, please? Come on!
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
[TENSE MUSIC PLAYING]
[MAN 4 URGING IN SPANISH]
[CLACKS]
[GUN FIRES]
[SCREAMS]
Ready to fire.
Let it fly!
[FLARE CRACKLING]
[GUN FIRES]
[PANICKED SHOUTING]
[EXPLOSION]
Yeah! Hell of a shot, B!
Yes!
[EARS RINGING]
[RAPID HEARTBEAT]
[ECHOING] B?
Come on.
Shit!
Hey.
Hang in there.
[WHIRRING INTENSIFIES]
[SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING]
INTERROGATOR: Ezekiel Rosenberg.
You have exactly five minutes
to assist on an assignment.
We took losses.
Many losses.
The information we gathered could--
INTERROGATOR: Where is Brandon Beckett?
Is he still alive?
INTERROGATOR: Snags?
Your specificity, it's, uh... inspiring.
What the hell happened out there?
It took Brandon somewhere safe.
Then I got an encrypted text,
Your turn. What the hell am I doing here?
Let's bring you up to speed.
You know, saying that the United States
Just nod... if you're still with me.
has been wiped from the planet.
G.R.I.T. is no more.
But here's the snag, Ezekiel.
Your team is on the run.
They're in hiding.
Peter Stolnitz, aka Intel Pete,
since the Costa Verde snafu.
It's just you.
[GRUNTS SOFTLY]
Last chance. Where is Brandon Beckett?
[DOOR OPENS]
Patriot Act? That's for terrorists.
[FOREBODING MUSIC PLAYING]
[BREATH SHUDDERING]
[FOOTSTEPS APPROACH]
[GRUNTS]
MAN: Hello, Zero.
Where's my son?
[DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING]
My fellow Costa Verdians.
illegally entered Costa Verde
and killed a government contractor,
along with over 100 soldiers.
The United States completely denies
was assassinated
by a sniper hired by Americans.
REPORTER: And wasn't American Marine
Brandon Beckett a suspect?
FRED: No, Brandon Beckett
did not kill Bruno Díaz.
thanks in part to him
and his father Thomas Beckett.
MICHAELS: It's not the first time
Costa Verde has tried
to distract the world
from the poverty, the corruption,
the brutality taking place
within its borders.
to meddle in and control
our domestic affairs.
REPORTER: Bottom line, the Americans
are helping these so-called Phoenix Rebels
to cause disruption in Costa Verde.
We cannot allow this any longer!
Their violence will spill across
the border and onto Tierra Nuevan streets.
MICHAELS: As for G.R.I.T.,
the Global Response and Intelligence Team
Anyone involved in this terrorist
false flag organization
will be hunted down and will face
the consequences for this operation.
Be warned, America.
You will answer for this treachery!
Gracias.
[CREW GROANS]
Stupid.
[GROANS] Come on, man!
[CREW CHEERS]
[GROANS]
Listen. Listen.
CABRERA: [OVER PHONE] The Prime Minister's
Navy Squad failed to prevent Beckett
-and G.R.I.T. from escaping the country.
Father or son?
[GUN PARTS CLANKING]
[LAUGHTER]
-an enemy of the son.
-
KRUGER: Oh, yeah. Your boss wants
to use him as a political chess piece.
so they will not be there.
KRUGER: No shit.
That's why we're starting in Costa Verde.
You're coming here?
Which will bring Brandon to us.
KRUGER: Killing a Beckett's gonna be fun.
And you had better
make sure my cash is ready.
Of course.
We have a crypto account set up for this--
I want real money. I want cash.
Don't worry.
[CLICKS]
You will get your money.
And if you don't pay...
Call me when it's done.
[CREW CHEERING]
[DEEP BREATHING]
INTEL PETE: [OVER PHONE] Roman's got
the entire country of Costa Verde
on a media blackout.
No real news
or social media gets in or out.
But it looks like some rebels
have been able to occasionally break down
the firewalls and spread the truth.
There's actually some pretty great
Roman Díaz memes going around.
There's this one with a cat,
a can opener and--
[CHUCKLES] ...you just gotta see it.
[INTEL PETE SLURPING DRINK]
He doesn't really
strike me as a family man.
is gonna be executed.
I'm getting close.
You should have an update in a few hours.
If anyone can do it, you can, Pete.
Brandon, listen. If you need help,
say the word. We'll be there.
She'd be literally hunted by everyone.
-Okay.
[MUFFLED CHATTER IN SPANISH]
[IN ENGLISH] Hey, I gotta run.
Be careful.
[SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING]
[DOOR OPENS]
ZERO: "Thunderstorm's coming."
[CHUCKLES SOFTLY]
"...and go dancing in the rain."
THOMAS: Hmm.
FROST: Devon Frost.
when we were sent to Costa Verde.
It is a pleasure to meet you, sir.
He's a keeper, this one.
What?
[DRAMATIC MUSICAL STING]
[SIGHS WEARILY]
So we can't go home?
The President and the State Department
You've seen this before.
You know how it works.
[BRANDON SIGHS]
This whole base was the rally point?
ZERO: Yeah. This is where we were supposed
THOMAS: You know what?
You should leave.
FROST: Roman won't invade.
[BRANDON SCOFFS, INHALES DEEPLY]
So what the hell do you suggest I do?
ZERO: We fight.
We fight.
Like we always do, B.
Zero, tap the brakes.
There's no country backing you.
THOMAS: Oh, for Christ's sake,
You know what you need to do?
It's your call, B.
[BRANDON SIGHS]
but without going into their country.
They win, we win.
That's a lot of "ifs."
How did you guys find us?
Tell us what's going on in Costa Verde.
along the Tierra Nueva border.
I've orchestrated a squad to investigate.
And when you all get here,
there'll be no stopping us.
[BRANDON SIGHS]
We can't come back to Costa Verde, Zondi.
to create an international incident.
We don't need your MREs and toilet paper.
We need soldiers!
We need the best sniper
in the world fighting by our side.
[SIGHS]
that is being brought to us as we speak.
[SIGHS IMPATIENTLY]
They're bringing us weapons
to fight this battle on our own.
They will not come back to help us, Angel.
[ZONDI SIGHS]
Angel?
Gentlemen. I understand your position.
But there's an election coming up,
and Roman's name
is the only one on the ballot.
No one will challenge him.
We need to eliminate Roman's influence now
[SIGHS]
Why are you in Costa Verde?
Angel, is there something else going on?
Things here have escalated.
So you will meet us
at the border with weapons, yes?
We'll speak more then.
But the clock is ticking.
We need to get moving.
[STIRRING MUSIC PLAYING]
BRANDON: I know it doesn't make sense
that I'm not coming back
to Costa Verde to fight.
Know that I'm with you.
Staying was the right decision.
at Kovalov's compound.
ZONDI: I long to fight
by your side again, Brandon.
Until that day,
I'll continue to lead here on my own.
Goodbye.
Frost, I am sending you coordinates
to the drop site.
FROST: Standing by, Katrina.
Why have we never done this before?
Because I've seen you fight.
Yeah, you're a little bit, um...
Aggressive?
[LAUGHS]
All right.
Show me what you got.
[CLEARS THROAT]
[GRUNTING]
ZERO: Mm! [LAUGHS]
[GROANS]
[WHOOPING, LAUGHING]
[BOTH GRUNTING]
Oh, that was a good one.
LORENZO: Commander Zondi.
The Americans, will they join us?
Our soldiers are ready.
I will lead Alpha Squad.
We need to be prepared for anything.
We've gotta make sure that we're gonna--
[EARS RINGING]
[DRAMATIC ROCK MUSIC PLAYING]
Let's burn some ammo!
[COUGHING]
[DRAMATIC ROCK MUSIC CONTINUES]
[WOMAN YELLS]
[WOMAN GRUNTS]
[GUNSHOTS]
[GROANS]
[GAGS]
[MUSIC CONCLUDES]
[BOTH GRUNTING]
[PANTING] Hey.
Did we mess it up?
The last assignment?
Just look at the aftermath.
People, like Stone, Intel Pete, Yuki,
they're all on the run now and...
We completed the assignment, B.
We're gonna be home in no time.
BRANDON: I don't know, man.
[EXHALES]
you just always have to leave again.
Anyway, what are you gonna do?
Job calls, we answer.
Come on, let's go.
[EXHALES]
[TENSE DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING]
[WHIMPERING]
[GUNSHOTS]
[ARMOR CLANKING]
[GUN CLICKS]
[BOTH GRUNTING]
[ANGEL GROANS]
[ALL GRUNTING]
[ZONDI GROANS]
[ANGEL YELLING]
[GROANS]
[ZONDI GRUNTING]
[ZONDI PANTING]
Go!
[GRUNTING]
[GUNSHOT]
[ZERO GROANS]
Oh, shit. That was your wound.
[GROANS]
[GRUNTING]
Come on, man! Not cool!
I thought you were actually hurt.
There's been an attack.
[TENSE MUSIC PLAYING]
[GRUNTING AND BLOWS LANDING OVER VIDEO]
[GUNFIRE]
[ZONDI GROANS]
[MUFFLED DISTANT GUNFIRE]
Hope you enjoyed the show, Brandon.
You're next.
MAN: [OVER RADIO] Bridge secure.
[KRUGER CLEARS THROAT]
Otherwise, I'd cut you up
"Whom."
[ENUNCIATES] Whom. Who would cut whom.
Body count is 50. So far.
KRUGER: Ouch.
Wanna know why?
Brandon Beckett.
Beckett wants you dead. All of you.
we traced that call here.
And he knew that.
[DISQUIETING MUSIC PLAYING]
[INHALES SHARPLY]
I was hoping you'd say that.
Legions!
LEGIONS: Hoorah!
Move out!
[LAUGHTER]
LEGION 2: I said move!
FROST: I was on a video call with Katrina
when they hit.
Over 50 Phoenix Rebels
were killed in the raid.
Lorenzo, Angel, and Zondi.
Holy shit.
Who the hell are these guys?
They're called the Iron Legion.
These guys are the anti-G.R.I.T.
from various places around the globe.
turned hitman and anarchist.
and mailing it to the Brigadier General.
Francisco Cabrera,
And finding you, Brandon.
Us.
So this is our fault.
[SIGHS]
FROST: We don't know.
This is a trap.
We don't have a choice.
We have to find them!
And they're coming here.
When Katrina made it out,
codenamed The Phoenix.
If anyone discovers this weapon,
So we're going into lockdown. Understand?
[GRIPPING MUSIC PLAYING]
[SEAGULLS SQUAWKING]
KRUGER: Again, Prime Minister Díaz,
Consider this place a loan.
And if you continue to impress me,
But...
where is Brandon Beckett?
I'll find him. But first, I have a gift.
[ROMAN CHUCKLES]
[IN ENGLISH] Put out a press release.
and you will wipe them out in one swoop.
But... and this is important...
keep Brandon Beckett alive.
I have plans for him.
No problem.
[WATER TRICKLING]
KRUGER: Thabo Zondi.
Hmm, we know all about you.
when Daddy and Grandpa died in battle,
because you went on and signed up
Angel Anele.
Former South African Police Services
Lorenzo.
You didn't partner up with G.R.I.T.,
I mean, I don't have anything on you.
There's no digital footprint.
That's the best you've got?
KRUGER: Nah, nah.
I could kill your mother.
Do they both have to die because of you?
You won't break me.
That's what they all say.
You will talk, Zondi.
[INDISTINCT CHATTER]
So, you're the Brandon Beckett.
BRANDON: Guilty as charged.
I've heard stories.
I'm the Zero.
We didn't catch your name.
Oh. Skylar.
How are your fiber optics here?
Is that the weapon? Is that The Phoenix?
No. That's a table.
Be nice, Skylar.
They're friends.
BRANDON: Oh, shit.
ZERO: You're alive.
How?
You're the asset.
Spreading hope, brother.
Brother?
Oh, yeah. Skylar is my sister.
Half. On our mother's side.
Time is of the essence. Yeah?
with only enough time for you
Your lungs will fill up with water.
You'll struggle to breathe.
Your head will be on fire.
Get it wrong,
terminal hypoxia.
[MUFFLED GROANING AND GAGGING]
[GASPING]
[WHIMPERING]
Get it right...
it's a slow, controlled death.
[CHOKING]
[GROANS, BREATHES HEAVILY]
KRUGER: This is your last chance, Zondi.
Angel.
Lorenzo.
Tell me.
Tell me everything Beckett taught you.
I need to know the Beckett playbook.
[SNIFFS]
Okay.
Let's begin.
[GROANS]
That's led to a revolution.
When my father was assassinated,
Then after his death,
Roman doesn't want to open the borders,
because he wants to expand them
into other countries... like Tierra Nueva.
Mm-hmm.
But for that to happen, he needs a war.
NOVA: Exactly.
SKYLAR: We're up and running.
After my injuries,
but I'm trying to do my best remotely.
SKYLAR: You've got to be quick, though.
Even with a signal relay,
We learned that the hard way.
What can we do, Nova?
[CELL PHONE CHIMES]
Oh, bollocks.
This just came in. Hang on.
Let me translate it.
[MONITOR CHIRRUPING]
Executed?
Anyone he deems a "terrorist"
[SIGHS]
How do we stop it?
and it's impenetrable.
without getting most of our people killed.
We can't afford to lose anyone else.
[TENSE MUSIC PLAYING]
[SIGHS SOFTLY]
and respect your choice.
Then I wish you good luck.
Nova.
It really is good to see you again.
Thank you guys for letting us come here.
But please,
[BRANDON SIGHS]
I don't know.
[ZERO SIGHS]
[WATER TRICKLING]
[FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING]
[CHAIR SCRAPING]
But you know this, don't you?
He led the Iron Legion right to you.
but America is a pay-to-play country.
I am making Costa Verde equal for all.
and we can see how that turned out.
The people, they don't want this.
They want protection, security.
And that is what I am providing.
I am taking Costa Verde into the future,
And I want you to be a part of it, son.
But loyalty to Brandon Beckett
comes with consequences.
[BULLETS CLATTERING ON FLOOR]
[BULLETS CONTINUE CLATTERING]
[GUN CLICKS]
ROMAN: What do you want, son?
Hmm?
ROMAN: I see potential in you.
[BREATHING SHAKILY]
ROMAN: You can be a leader, Zondi.
[WATER TRICKLING ECHOES]
ROMAN: Lead for me
and I will make your legacy immortal.
everything from this moment on...
is a gift from me.
I give you life.
[UNSETTLING MUSIC PLAYING]
It's morphine.
I am here to help you, son.
[GASPING HOARSELY]
[BREATHING SLOWS]
THE STAR-SPANGLED BANNER
[ZERO EXHALES HEAVILY]
It's okay. I'm done anyway.
Yeah. I can't believe you're alive, Nova.
I'm so thankful, man. We didn't know.
Holy shit. Look at you.
I just came to get some aspirin.
Brandon and I can't give up.
Lost our G.R.I.T. team.
Lost so many others.
Funny about the G.R.I.T. team.
All this time we spent together,
about Yuki Mifune being part of your team.
Well,
nobody's perfect.
Look, Nova, we're all grunts here.
I promise you, it is not personal.
Not personal?
Yeah.
Zero...
in every assignment, you've gone in,
saved the day, and walk away.
This Lady Death in your team, Yuki,
[TUTS SOFTLY]
Have you ever contemplated that?
[ZERO SIGHS]
I already died once for this cause.
And it changed me.
No, hold on. Listen to me.
[SCOFFING] They don't! No!
Goodnight, Zero.
[SNIFFS]
[WIND HOWLING]
[DOOR CREAKS OPEN]
[DOOR SHUTS]
[GROANING SOFTLY]
Zondi?
Zondi!
[IN XHOSA] I'm here with you.
How?
[IN ENGLISH] No one is coming for us.
ANGEL: No. That's not true.
The Rebellion would never leave us.
Have you forgotten that?
Then they turned their backs on us.
They left us, Angel.
they abandoned us again.
Which put us in here.
[FOREBODING MUSIC PLAYING]
Even without a country,
He's weak.
This was never our battle.
But, brother, I promise you--
I don't need your sympathy.
INTEL PETE: [OVER PHONE] These blueprints
and schematics are the best I could find.
They break down the detention center
from every level,
but I honestly don't see a weak spot.
But hey, you're the Marine, not me.
[SIGHS HEAVILY]
Thanks, Pete. These are great.
What else can I do?
There's gotta be something.
I mean, those people were killed when I--
There's no way we could've known
The Legion took those lives.
Those deaths are on them. Not you.
Whoever traced that signal
was a pro, Brandon.
Like, a coding savant.
I've never seen anything like it.
Be careful. Okay?
[SIGHS]
We will. Thanks for the blueprints.
Sorry, man.
Guy's changed.
Well, four bullets will do that to you.
He has a point.
You do this job
That is very eloquent.
[CHUCKLES SOFTLY]
'Cause I was here.
I can't see a way to breach.
I mean, the sewer tunnels are a no-go.
It's too risky to drop in from above.
[SIGHS]
Nova might be right.
We can't give up, though, B.
They're not going out this way.
We still have a few hours.
Okay.
Let's try this again.
These are the blueprints IP sent you.
[BRANDON EXHALES HEAVILY]
What if we grab one of those old trucks,
Well, that's what they expect us to do.
Charge in, guns blazing.
But we cannot do that, just the two of us.
BRANDON: Nah.
You just reminded me of it.
So, what'd you do?
Well, your father said,
[BRANDON SIGHS]
That's the answer.
ZERO: Mm.
Wait, what?
We don't hit the detention center.
That could work.
in the middle of town,
as long as we can get that convoy here.
We create a kill box.
My brother and I can direct them there.
We'll get into their GPS system.
With my eyes closed.
We can help, Nova. From here.
[SIGHS]
All right.
Thank you.
[ROUSING MUSIC PLAYING]
We've faced worse odds.
Plus this time, we've got some backup.
[DOOR CREAKS OPEN]
SKYLAR: This is your backup?
[SKYLAR SCOFFS]
So there's only three of you.
Three's enough. One shot, one kill.
One shot, one kill.
[THRILLING MUSIC PLAYING]
ZERO: At the kill box,
Brandon and Thomas
-will be overwatch.
We need you on the same team.
Well, hello, old friend.
ZERO: I'll be in charge
of evac'ing the hostages.
Even with armor-piercing rounds,
You look for the seams.
BRANDON: Nova and Skylar,
you are our eyes and ears.
So make sure Cinderella gets to the ball.
BRANDON: And Frost, you're on extraction.
We'll be coming in hot.
Maybe it's time to upgrade.
We need to be ready. Let's load up.
I'm glad you're here. Both of you.
[WATER TRICKLING]
Dragged?
I guess that's the curse of Costa Verde.
I only did one tour of duty down here.
he had all of us write our own obituaries.
Yeah. What a piece of work he was. Whoa.
[CHUCKLES]
I guess he figured that, uh...
[CLEARS THROAT]
[CHUCKLES DRYLY]
Death? [SCOFFS] Shit!
[SPITS]
I spit on death.
But you know what I did fear?
I feared that I might never see you again.
I was...
I was never present enough.
Just not there.
I'm sorry.
[SIGHS]
did any of it really matter?
Did anything I ever do change things?
I don't know.
[SENTIMENTAL MUSIC PLAYING]
I don't know that... that...
Hey. It did.
[CLEARS THROAT]
Ah, mmm.
Mr. Rosenberg?
Hey, Katrina. Hey. You can call me Zero.
And it is not my place to argue.
But there has to be something I can do.
[SIGHS]
[IN SPANISH] May fate be in your favor.
Thank you.
[BRANDON EXHALES HEAVILY]
We're not old. We're experienced.
Ha!
Look at how I left him.
I can't get Angel's words out of my head.
I should have stayed longer.
He's just a kid, man.
With Modise gone...
You know, I get it now.
We finish an assignment and head home,
Yeah.
or what we've been doing for years, B.
Because we have a job to do.
Okay?
[PATS]
[ENGINE RUMBLING]
[FOREBODING MUSIC PLAYING]
Seatbelts!
[QUINN CHUCKLING]
[FOREBODING MUSIC CONTINUES]
Let's get into their GPS.
There you are.
[ELECTRONIC BEEPING]
[GRIPPING MUSIC PLAYING]
This way, you wanker.
No, don't question it.
'Cause I need you to go...
right.
[COMPUTER BEEPS]
GPS: Turn right.
[GRIPPING MUSIC CONTINUES]
Turn left.
[OVER COMMS] Thirty seconds.
[OVER COMMS] Overwatch Two.
You've got the armored truck.
Overwatch Two in position.
Zero, you're on the last vehicle.
In position. Let's get to work.
Convoy has arrived.
Overwatch One, make the call.
[TENSE MUSIC PLAYING]
Overwatch One here.
Overwatch Two, on my count.
Something's off.
Green light in three... two... one. Fire!
[DRIVER GRUNTS]
MAN: Oh, shi--
[ALL BREATHING HEAVILY]
ZERO: Contact made!
[THRILLING MUSIC PLAYING]
KRUGER: Everybody out! Covering fire!
[GUNFIRE]
Out, out, out! Everybody out!
[RAPID GUNFIRE]
[BULLETS RICOCHETING]
Up here, asshole! Look this way.
[GUN FIRES]
[QUINN GRUNTS]
[THRILLING MUSIC CONTINUES]
Beckett! Where are you?
CABRERA: [OVER PHONE] You're late, Kruger!
What the hell is going on?
Handle it! You're the Iron fucking Legion!
This is what we're paying you for!
I don't even know where you are!
[IN AFRIKAANS] Fucking dumbass!
LEGION: [IN ENGLISH] Watch my six!
[INDISTINCT SHOUTING]
[GUNFIRE CONTINUES]
Everybody out, now!
Yayan, on me!
Vince, move! Now!
THOMAS: [SOFTLY] Come on.
[GRUNTS]
Son of a--
[TENSE MUSIC PLAYING]
[ALL GRUNTING]
[CHOKING]
Move!
[EXCLAIMS]
[GRUNTING]
[ANGEL YELPS]
[BOTH GRUNTING]
[ANGEL SCREAMS]
[BOTH STRAINING]
[PANTING]
ZERO: [SOFTLY] Shit!
[GUNFIRE CONTINUES]
[OVER COMMS] I'm pinned down.
BRANDON: I'm on it.
[GRIPPING ROCK MUSIC PLAYING]
[GROANS]
KRUGER: Move!
ZERO: Fuck me! [SIGHS]
SKYLAR: Copy. On it.
ZERO: Find Angel.
She's still in the mix somewhere.
Overwatch One, leaving position.
ZERO: Copy. I'm going after Lorenzo.
[UNSETTLING MUSIC PLAYING]
[GUN COCKING]
ANGEL: [SOFTLY] Fuck!
[BOTH GRUNTING]
Damn it! I don't have a clean shot.
[PANTING]
I got this. Evac.
Roger that. Heading to Frost.
[TENSE MUSIC PLAYING]
[LORENZO BREATHING SHAKILY]
It's not a fuckin' game.
[GRUNTING]
[LORENZO COUGHS]
[CONTINUES GASPING]
[ZERO YELLS]
[KRUGER GRUNTS]
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
Ezekiel Rosenberg.
I've heard about you.
You're Beckett's little side-bitch, huh?
It's Zero, motherfucker.
[BOTH GRUNTING]
[STRAINING]
[CHOKES]
[BOTH PANTING]
[PANTING, CHUCKLING]
[BOTH GRUNTING]
[BOTH STRAINING]
[QUINN SCREAMS]
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
[GROANS]
[BRANDON PANTING]
[GROANING]
[FOREBODING MUSIC PLAYING]
[SPITS]
[GRUNTING]
[CHUCKLES]
[BOTH GRUNTING]
[ZERO YELLS]
[GASPING]
[GROANING]
Kruger's down.
Ah. I've got Angel and Lorenzo with me.
Free and clear.
BRANDON: You need to get out of there.
Get the chopper ready for dust off.
CVPD is swarming the area. It's--
[RADIO STATIC WHINES]
Hello?
Nova, can you see a clear way out?
[RADIO STATIC]
Nova?
Zero, come in.
[FOREBODING MUSIC PLAYING]
[HORN HONKS]
ZERO: Frost!
FROST: It's about time.
Where's Zondi and the Becketts?
Wait, they should be here.
[RADIO STATIC]
Nova? Skylar? Do you copy?
Shit! Comms are down.
Zondi, we good?
ZONDI: All good.
Our evac's on the south side of town.
[RADIO STATIC CRACKLING]
Who the bloody hell was that?
What the f--
[TENSE MUSIC PLAYING]
BRANDON: Zondi, what are you doing?
What the hell is going on?
I risked everything for you!
ZONDI: You're too late.
[SOFTLY] Fuck!
Jesus.
[DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING]
Fuck. It's that fucking cabrón,
Damn it. I've only got one shot left.
How fast can you hot wire this car?
We aren't gonna win this one, son.
Give me. Give me!
Go, Brandon.
Go!
[TENSE MUSIC PLAYING]
Brandon...
I just want you to know something.
semper fi,
[GUN FIRES]
[GRUNTS]
ROMAN: Don't shoot!
[TENSE MUSIC CONTINUES]
[MUSIC BUILDING]
[GUN COCKS]
[GUNSHOT ECHOES]
BRANDON: [SCREAMS] No!
[DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING]
[WATER TRICKLING]
[DOOR CREAKS, CLOSES HEAVILY]
[SWITCH CLACKS]
Hello, Brandon.
[GRUNTS]
[GROWLS]
You set us up, you traitor!
These ropes won't hold me forever.
I will be free.
And when I am,
I will end you, Thabo Zondi.
[INTENSE MUSIC PLAYING]
[GUNSHOTS]
This is my vengeance!
[GRUNTING]
[EXPLOSION]
-Take the goddamn shot!
ZONDI: Your legacy ends here.
[GUN FIRES]
[SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING]
[GRIPPING TRAP MUSIC PLAYING]
[UPBEAT ELECTRONIC MUSIC PLAYING]
[DRAMATIC ELECTRONIC MUSIC PLAYING]